three corporations own it all and now
they're coming for your home you came
here for the truth so let me unveil that
for you my name is David Quin and I'm
the money GPS I've been doing this
longer than pretty much everybody what I
do is take the complicated and make it
simple in today's video I'm going to
show you how people think that they're
funding their retirement that people
think they're investing and they are
only digging themselves deeper into a
hole
we are going to look at an article it's
going to have some quotes from RFK Jr
Vic and all this but let's not get
political I want to take the data from
it what we can learn and then I'll move
on to the next aspects there are three
giant corporations Black Rock State
Street and Vanguard which collectively
own each other so it's really one giant
Corporation but they also own 89% of the
S&P 500 they own everything and now
they've decided to buy every single
family home in America so if they stay
on the current trajectory they will own
60% of the homes in this country single
family homes by 2030 they're literally
trying to buy everything that in fact is
true they are trying to actively buy all
of it now why they want this as part of
a grand scheme but if you just look at
it in the sort of you know surface level
they are being funded by individuals
trying to get into these index funds
index funds Jack Bogle himself the guy
who created the index fund he warned
about the level of concentration inside
of an index fund and that was so many
years ago he talked about this and of
course that is problematic when you have
such concentration we know that to be
the case and now we have it going even
further with single family homes because
it's not the big huge multifam
properties they have 300 500 a th000
units no not at all it's the single
family homes that's when things start to
get real strange all right the same
thing basically V said Black Rock Stak
Street Vanguard represent aru arguably
the most powerful cartel in human
history they're the largest shareholders
of nearly every major public company
even of each other it's why
how that is but this is what we have to
deal with today and what are insiders
doing through this period well look Jeff
Bezos to sell $5 billion in Amazon
shares could he be raising cash for his
Seattle Seahawks purchase we'll see what
happens with that but the point is that
he sold a very large amount even for the
amount of wealth that he has he has
still sold a lot of Amazon shares over
the last while in fact since he stepped
down from his position at Amazon he kept
selling and selling and selling billions
and billions so he had agreed to before
$1 billion per year and then he was
going to put that into his spaceship
company blue origin but he has gone way
above that in recent years who else what
about leather jacket man Nvidia CEO
Cashes in on rally with
$169 million share sale it's the most
he's netted a month thanks to the stock
surge of course the stock has been going
straight up and he has been profiting
ever since who makes the most money out
of a stock going up it's the Insiders
right people feel they're making good
cash it's nothing compared to these guys
now I must note compared to his total
net worth the amount that he has sold is
not much but it is wild to see this many
uh you know being sold at this time and
you could see um look at where it's been
just just in 2024 we are going to talk
about this as of the time you're
watching this video we've already
discussed it with my finance Friday crew
so shout outs to the finance Friday this
right here you're seeing it going all
the way to
$120 billion of net worth coming down
ever since just like the stock obviously
his net worth is based largely around
that but in one year tripling that's
really unheard of Goldman and City
predict more gains for NVIDIA supplier
hyx after 90% rally this is something I
will cover in depth with the finance
Friday crew but just understand that
it's not just Nvidia that are some of
these uh companies that are going to do
really well off this whole AI thing
there are going to be a lot of others
out there uh that's something I cover
you know every Friday and who else is
poised to do very well that's right
Nancy Pelos
disclosed stock market trades made by
her husband he loaded up on AI plays
like Nvidia but he sold Tesla and you
know that Pelosi's been kind of accurate
I think her salary is something like $
$160,000 something around there at the
most that's ever been and yet her net
worth is like you know1 120 million or
whatever it is so she's a pretty good
Trader pretty good Trader so this is
what happening right so you're seeing
like who is getting the money and who's
cashing out and who's ultimately taking
it because if you own those shares it
doesn't really do you any good right
unless you own something that you want
that brings you something maybe it's
real estate maybe it's the house you
live in maybe it's some sort of you know
land that you have maybe it's whatever
it could be um a fancy car it could be
anything anything but owning the share
doesn't necessarily net you anything and
so it's when you cash out and you put
that into something that you want well
that's when you get to reap the rewards
that's what they're doing now with
Nvidia that's what Nancy BOS is doing as
uh the insider trading and that brings
us to you the average individual jobs
job situation is very unclear today this
is something I thought was interesting
growing number of unemploy iables
frustrated by the job market Rising
number of experienced and competent
professionals are finding it difficult
to re-enter after they've been let go or
they quit a lot of people a lot of
people in the circumstance that I've
seen right now employers are receiving
thousands of applications and relying on
AI to sift and select the candidates
making for a frustrating
experience what's happening think about
that a thousand people are in that same
position as you trying to find a job a
thousand people and of course the
competition is super Fierce right now at
a time by the way we're being told that
the jobs Market's fantastic and so on we
know that it's not but this tells you
something that things have really really
changed over the last few years the
economy not doing so well why I'll get
into that in just a second more about
jobs just wanted to note this the jiggle
is up bosses bust workers who fake
computer activity companies productivity
tracking tools are getting more
sophisticated and detecting when remote
workers are pretending to be busy so
this is what's going to allow them to
basically get rid of those people
there's always in any company there's
10% at the bottom which are not doing
any work you know all the co-workers are
always upset about that person he shows
up late he calls in sick he's not
pulling his weight those 10% of people
can be weeded out and they're certainly
trying to do so and they can get a
productive worker in their position so
things are like if you think you could
just Coast right through uh for a lot of
businesses not going to fly anymore
because if we're not replaced by a
person who's actually hardworking we're
going to get replaced by Ai and
automation robotics okay be mindful of
that this leads me into why is this all
happening you print money you're giving
it essentially to who you print money
devalue the dollars and it's going to
the black rocks the vanguards and the
state streets that's what we see that's
not a coincidence it's going
ultimately into the hands of the few at
the expense of the many now there are uh
different levels to that we're going to
see that there are those in the shadows
who you know shall not be named and then
we come lower than that and we get to
you know the richest among those the
billionaires the bezos's and everybody
and then we come to the Nancy Pelosi of
the world there's different levels to it
okay people want to point their fingers
but it depends on the level depends on
the audience as well but understand
who's doing all of this making it all
possible it is the central banks in
their activities so what's next you may
ask
well Canadians now have the third
highest household debt in the world it
is a matter of fact that as the costs
rise you feel the burden and there's
just this is about Canada but you can
compare it into the other countries it's
absurd and of course I feel for those of
my friends in Australia as well looking
at all of this you can see
it's incredible as a percentage of the
GDP I mean being over household and
nonprofit debt like over 100% of the GDP
you know you can't walk that back you
have this real income has fallen for all
Canadians except those in the top
Quintel so over these last few years
since 2020 this is the data I've been
telling you over and over and over again
here is the actual data um and it's not
a surprise that since 2020 the vast
majority of people except the people at
the absolute top well everybody is now
worse off and what is the difference
like what has changed they pumped in
more
money they pump in the money you get the
short end of the stick oh no no no it
doesn't work like that printing money
doesn't cause inflation you don't know
what you're talking
about it's sad sad to see that those
lives being spread in the so-called
Financial YouTube World household
spending growth is driven by core needs
and certainly we are seeing people
struggling more now than ever even
dollar stores can't stay open you know
there is a problem so what can you the
individual do you've got to upskill
you've got to be able to take what you
have and multiply multiply multiply if
you are trying to make make money in the
stock market trying to find the next hot
trade you've got to spend hours every
day on that or you can put your money
into something that's a little bit more
let's say reasonable for people that
don't need to watch the markets every
day that's up to you what I do what I
have done is that I built a business not
the money GPS do not I don't even think
this counts as a business anymore what I
have done is I have built an online
business business that you could find
out more about on my U the link in the
top of the description but that's what I
have done and that's what I teach people
to do because I think that's the best
thing possible um for a lot of people
they are just unsure they're uncertain
well guess what I didn't know anything
at the beginning and I'm looking online
I'm getting all these gurus and all this
garbage quite frankly and so I didn't
know the answers but I kept falling
forward EV screwing up making those
mistakes and I still make them today and
I'm asking hey do you know do you know
do you know um and you know getting bad
advice getting some good advice and just
putting that all together and then
giving it uh to the people in my my
group so um I want to thank you for
being here if you want to get more
information there's a link at the top of
the description you can get on the lives
that's where I get uh give the best
details um next thing is supposedly
I'm uh going to be interviewing Andrew
Henderson of nomad capitalist we'll see
if that goes through um and also you
know just keep an eye on what's going on
out there uh I think there's going to be
some major changes for a lot of people I
just highlight on Canada just because
it's so much worse off than it was a few
years ago um I wouldn't worry too much
about politicians I wouldn't worry too
much about a lot of nonsense that's
going on focus on you focus on your
family and just understand that you you
can't get anywhere by doing the same
things you've been doing over the last
few years you're digging yourself deeper
you got to get out of that the elites no
matter which level you're referring to
that as they're going to get more and
more and more and it will be taken from
you so do what you can to try and climb
up the ladder um and you know I just
help people the way that I think I I can
best so thank you for being here and
I'll see you next week take care